Fixes:  No guide for joining the org in Readme #27 (#28)
PUGroups/beginners-arena: README.md

# Beginners Arena

Welcome to the **Beginners Arena** repository! Built by the amazing **PUGroups** community among other communities.\

> Wanna get involved and contribute further? Join our GitHub Organization by raising an issue [here](https://github.com/PUGroups/Support/issues/new?assignees=&labels=invite+me+to+the+organisation&template=invitation.yml&title=Please+invite+me+to+the+GitHub+Community+Organization). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wanna get involved and contribute further? Join our GitHub Organization by raising an issue [here](https://github.com/PUGroups/Support/issues/new?assignees=&labels=invite+me+to+the+organisation&template=invitation.yml&title=Please+invite+me+to+the+GitHub+Community+Organization).

```

> Welcome to the **Beginners Arena** repository! Built by the amazing **PUGroups** community among other communities.
> 
> Join the Github Organization by raising a issue [here](https://github.com/PUGroups/Support/issues/new?assignees=&labels=invite+me+to+the+organisation&template=invitation.yml&title=Please+invite+me+to+the+GitHub+Community+Organization). 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the **Beginners Arena** repository! Built by the amazing **PUGroups** community among other communities.\
Wanna get involved and contribute further? Join our GitHub Organization by raising an issue [here](https://github.com/PUGroups/Support/issues/new?assignees=&labels=invite+me+to+the+organisation&template=invitation.yml&title=Please+invite+me+to+the+GitHub+Community+Organization). 
```
